README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://avairebot.com/assets/img/banner-simple.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-4A8F80.svg" alt="License">
<img src="https://avairebot.com/assets/img/documentation.svg" alt="Documented code">
</p>

## About AvaIre

AvaIre is a multipurpose Discord bot made for fun, written in JavaScript [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org), using the [Discordie](https://qeled.github.io/discordie) library.

## Main features

- Music streaming from YouTube, SoundCloud, Twitch etc.
- Custom music playlists that you can play anytime
- Setup commands to help you get started with using Ava
- Moderation commands (Ban, kick, slowmode)
- Search for comics and reaction gifs
- Extended server functionality (Welcome messages, server and user info)
- High level of customization
    - Changing messages on a per-server basis
    - Change the languages Ava uses
    - Create custom aliases for existing commands
    - Change the prefix ava uses on a per-module basis
- And more, check the [full command reference](https://avairebot.com/docs/master/commands) for all the commands!

Visit our [website](https://avairebot.com/) for more information.

## Want to use AvaIre but don't want to host it yourself?

No problem, we maintain a public instance of AvaIre that you can invite to your server!<br>Visit https://avairebot.com/invite to get started!

## Want more control and run AvaIre yourself?

The advantages of selfhosting AvaIre are numerous. A few core freedoms that are added can be for instance the ability to tweak commands and add custom commands, changing the bot's workings et cetera.

There are currently not many resources for users wishing to run AvaIre on their own, but guides and documentation are continuously being worked on and added to the [documentation](https://avairebot.com/docs), you can check there for any setup or configuration guides.

If you are not into hosting the bot yourself, you can always invite AvaIre to your server [from here](https://avairebot.com/invite).

## License

AvaIre is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/gt2FWER"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/284083636368834561/widget.png?style=banner2" alt="Discord server"></a>
  <br>AvaIre support server: https://discord.gg/gt2FWER
</p>

---

<p align="center">
    "Discord", "Discord App", and any associated logos are registered trademarks of Hammer & Chisel, inc.
</p>

Commit message:

Add contributing guide to readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://avairebot.com/assets/img/banner-simple.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-4A8F80.svg" alt="License">
<img src="https://avairebot.com/assets/img/documentation.svg" alt="Documented code">
</p>

## About AvaIre

AvaIre is a multipurpose Discord bot made for fun, written in JavaScript [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org), using the [Discordie](https://qeled.github.io/discordie) library.

## Main features

- Music streaming from YouTube, SoundCloud, Twitch etc.
- Custom music playlists that you can play anytime
- Setup commands to help you get started with using Ava
- Moderation commands (Ban, kick, slowmode)
- Search for comics and reaction gifs
- Extended server functionality (Welcome messages, server and user info)
- High level of customization
    - Changing messages on a per-server basis
    - Change the languages Ava uses
    - Create custom aliases for existing commands
    - Change the prefix ava uses on a per-module basis
- And more, check the [full command reference](https://avairebot.com/docs/master/commands) for all the commands!

Visit our [website](https://avairebot.com/) for more information.

## Want to use AvaIre but don't want to host it yourself?

No problem, we maintain a public instance of AvaIre that you can invite to your server!<br>Visit https://avairebot.com/invite to get started!

## Want more control and run AvaIre yourself?

The advantages of selfhosting AvaIre are numerous. A few core freedoms that are added can be for instance the ability to tweak commands and add custom commands, changing the bot's workings et cetera.

There are currently not many resources for users wishing to run AvaIre on their own, but guides and documentation are continuously being worked on and added to the [documentation](https://avairebot.com/docs), you can check there for any setup or configuration guides.

If you are not into hosting the bot yourself, you can always invite AvaIre to your server [from here](https://avairebot.com/invite).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to AvaIre! The contribution guide can be found in the [AvaIre documentation](https://avairebot.com/docs/contributions).

## License

AvaIre is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/gt2FWER"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/284083636368834561/widget.png?style=banner2" alt="Discord server"></a>
  <br>AvaIre support server: https://discord.gg/gt2FWER
</p>

---

<p align="center">
    "Discord", "Discord App", and any associated logos are registered trademarks of Hammer & Chisel, inc.
</p>
